wyd leader in sports this is ESPN news
keep Russell with JW Stewart we know he
shoots from the hip but we didn't know
his shot was this good yeah no kidding
three-time world champion all-star MVP
the Tuesday night Kobe Bryant is
something no one else has ever done
before first of four meetings this year
between the Sonics and the Lakers and
what a night for Kobe Bryant's on fire
from three-point land as Keith alluded
to this a guy who came in shooting
twenty-eight percent from three-point
range he hits nine straight 3-pointers
at one point in time he tied Dennis
scotch record of three-pointers in a
game with his 11 three-pointer and in
the fourth quarter with the Lakers ups
98 284 Kobe would drain his 12 three of
the game breaking 3ds record and here it
is the record breaker single game NBA
record for three-pointers in a game with
12 he scored 45 and the Lakers went to
119 298 Kobe scored 38 points in the
second and third quarters combined the
lakers by the way set team records for
three-pointers made with 17 and
three-pointers attempted 32 the NBA
record for most three-pointers as a team
19 December of 96 Atlanta at Dallas they
can look at Kobe Bryant's shot chart 45
points for his sixth 40-point game of
the season 16 to 28 from the field 12 of
18 from three-point range as you can see
there did all of his damage from the top
of the key here is the comparison Kobe
Bryant to 3d Dennis Scott had the old
record for quite a while since April of
96 against Atlanta and interesting to
note both teams score the same amount of
points 119th of coping the lakers won 19
for 3d in the magic sons and blades with
portland tend him once and start